signing: Add NXP signing support (#728)
ARMmbed/meta-mbl: openembedded-core-mbl/scripts/signctl/README.md

## Overview

This signing tool is an early release and is still under development. It has the following restrictions:
* The tool has been tested with the Raspberry Pi 3B+, PICO PI with IMX7D SoM, PICO-PI with IMX6UL SoM and NXP 8M Mini EVK devices.
* The tool uses Hashicorp Vault as an example backend for the private key storage and signing operations.
* The tool only supports signing for a single device at the moment. Although a multi-device flow is possible if you configure a separate Vault instance for each device.

The release version of the tool will provide full support for multiple devices; we will also provide documentation and guidance for setting access control policies in Vault and for locking down the Vault machine for production use. **The current flow is only for development use.**

> The `signctl` tool automates the signing flow for TF-A up to BL2. For more information on the background and details of the signing operations see [the basic signing flow document][mbl-basic-signing-flow].

Reviewer: TF-A up to BL2?  It includes the FIP aswell which is bootloader component 2.

Author: It was meant to mean TF-A including FIP and BL2. When I refer to BL2 in this document I mean TF-A BL2 and not our "bootloader component 2" which is the FIP. I explain this near the link to the update document. I've re-worded this in 8af62db in an attempt to clarify.

To sign the FIP and patch the ROT public key into the VC4 firmware, follow the steps below:

1. Locate the VC4 binary (`armstub8.bin`) and `fip2.bin` in the build deploy directory.
2. Execute the `sign` command
   
```
$ signctl sign --rpi-vc4-fw /path/to/armstub8.bin --fip /path/to/fip2.bin
```

The images will be signed in-place; the output path for the signed image will be the same as the input path.

## Signing NXP IMX Boot Components

As above, you can use the keys generated earlier to sign the certificates needed to verify the FIP.

You also must to patch BL2 with the ROT public key, as TF-A uses this to verify the root of the certificate chain.

To sign the FIP, and patch BL2, follow the steps below:

1. Locate `bl2.bin.imx` and `fip.bin` in the build deploy directory.
2. Execute the `sign` command

```
$ signctl sign --bl2 /path/to/bl2.bin --fip /path/to/fip.bin
```

<span class="notes">**Note:** On NXP 8M Mini EVK devices, BL2 is contained in `imx-boot-imx8mmevk-mbl-sd.bin-flash_evk` the path of which should be passed to the `--bl2` option instead of `bl2.bin.imx`.</span>

## Create an update payload using the signed images

> Use the `create-update-payload` script as described in the [updating a device document][***TODO: link to update docs***].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `create-update-payload` script as described in the [updating a device document][https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-linux-os/latest/update/updating-an-mbl-image.html].
```
This where it will be.

Author: Added in 8af62db
